Clustering: make advertise interfaces configurable (#4938)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/cli/run.md

* `--cluster.discover-peers`: List of key-value tuples for discovering peers (default `""`). Mutually exclusive with `--cluster.join-addresses`.
* `--cluster.rejoin-interval`: How often to rejoin the list of peers (default `"60s"`).
* `--cluster.advertise-address`: Address to advertise to other cluster nodes (default `""`).

> * `--cluster.advertise-interfaces`: List of interfaces used to infer an address to advertise. The first one available in the list will be selected (default `["eth0", "en0"]`).

Reviewer: IMO the default shown here should be specified as the user would specify it (either comma-delimited or with multiple instances of the flag):

```suggestion
* `--cluster.advertise-interfaces`: List of interfaces used to infer an address to advertise. The first one available in the list will be selected (default `"eth0,en0"`).
```

address defined or inferred in `--cluster.advertise-address`.

If the `--cluster.advertise-address` flag is not explicitly set, the agent
tries to infer a suitable one from `--cluster.advertise-interfaces`.
If `--cluster.advertise-interfaces` is not explicitly set, the agent will
infer one from the `eth0` and `en0` local network interfaces.

> If the advertised address cannot be determined, the agent will fail to start.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The agent will fail to start if it can't determine the advertised address.
```

We could rework this sentence to make it active instead of passive.

> Since Windows does not have interfaces name `eth0` or `en0`, Windows users must explicitly pass

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since Windows does not use the interface names `eth0` or `en0`, Windows users must explicitly pass
```
